here are this week's top movies in 1634
Amsterdam was captivated by a flower
tulip fever follows an unexpected
romance that threatens to tear a
marriage apart my son won't give me a
hug but that doesn't mean I love him any
less a single father helps his special
son grow up in a boy called pop don't be
afraid daddy so we have been penetrated
in unlocked a CIA agent doesn't know who
to trust as she seeks to stop a
potentially devastating biological
attack there's no time for guessing see
what's hot in theaters with this week's
fan tissa patient
[Music]
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]